the book of Judges now after the death
of Joshua it came to pass that the
children of Israel asked the Lord who
shall be first to go up for us against
the Canaanites to fight against them and
the Lord said Judah shall go up indeed I
have delivered the land into his hand
so Judah said to Simeon his brother come
up with me to my allotted territory that
we may fight against the Canaanites and
I will likewise go with you to your
allotted territory and Simeon went with
him then Judah went up and the Lord
delivered the Canaanites and the
parasites into their hand and they
killed ten thousand men at pisac
and they found Adonai Bezeq in vizac and
fought against him and they defeated the
Canaanites and the pyramids then at an
IB zeg fled and they pursued him and
caught him and cut off his thumbs and
big toe and a deny jesus said seventy
Kings with their thumbs and big toes cut
off used to gather scraps under my table
as I have done so God as forbade me
when they brought him to Jerusalem and
there he died
now the children of Judah fought against
Jerusalem and took it
they struck it with the edge of the
sword and set the city on fire and
afterward the children of Judah went
down to fight against the Canaanites who
dwelt in the mountains in the Sun and in
the lowland then Judah went against the
Canaanites who dwelt in Hebron now the
name of hebron was formally kir Jeff
Abba and they killed sheesh I a hymen
and tell my
from there they went against the
inhabitants of diba the name of diba was
formerly Kirchhoff dzifa then Caleb said
whoever attacks here jet seafarin takes
it to him I will give my daughter AXA as
wife and Earth neol the son of kinas
Caleb's younger brother took it so he
gave him his daughter AXA as wife where
it happened
when she came to him that she urged him
to ask her father for a field and she
dismounted from her donkey and Caleb
said to her what do you wish
give me a blessing since you have given
me land in the South give me also
Springs of water and Caleb gave her the
upper Springs and the lower Springs now
the children of the Kennett Moses
father-in-law went up from the City of
Palms with the children of Judah into
the wilderness of Judah which lies in
the south near a road and they went and
dwelt among the people
and Judah went with his brother Simeon
and they attacked the Canaanites who
inhabited Cephas and utterly destroyed
it so the name of the city was called
Palmer also Judah took Gaza with its
territory ashqelon with its territory
and eklund with its territory so the
Lord was with Judah and they drove out
the Mountaineers but they could not
drive out the inhabitants of the lowland
because they had chariots of iron and
they gave Hebron to Caleb as Moses had
said then he expelled from there the
three sons of anak but the children of
Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites
who inhabited Jerusalem so the Jebusites
dwell with the children of Benjamin in
Jerusalem to this day and the house of
Joseph also went up against Bethel and
the Lord was with them so the house of
Joseph sent men to spy out Bethel the
name of the city was formerly lusts and
when the spies saw a man coming out of
the city they said to him lutely show us
the entrance to the city he will show
you mercy so he showed them the entrance
to the city and they struck the city
with the edge of the sword but they let
the man and all his family go and the
man went to the land of the Hittites
built a city and called its name lusts
which is its name to this day however
Manasseh did not drive out the
inhabitants of Beth shion and its
villages or Tanner and its villages or
the inhabitants of door and its villages
all the inhabitants of a Blee 'm and
it's villages all the inhabitants of
Megiddo and its villages for the
Canaanites were determined to dwell in
that land and it came to pass when
Israel was strong that they put the
Canaanites under tribute but did not
completely drive them out voted ephraim
drive out the Canaanites who dwelt in
Giza
so the Canaanites dwelt in Giza among
them nor did Zebulon drive out the
inhabitants of kitchen or the
inhabitants of nail so the Canaanites
dwelt among them and were put under
tribute lauded asha drive out the
inhabitants of acker all the inhabitants
of Sidon or of our lab oxid hell BER
ethic or Rehan
so the Asha rites dwelt among the
Canaanites the inhabitants of the land
for they did not drive them out noted
Naphtali drive out the inhabitants of
beth shemesh all the inhabitants of beth
anus but they dwelt among the Canaanites
the inhabitants of the land
nevertheless the inhabitants of death
Shemesh and Beth Amos who put under
tribute to them
and the ammonites forced the children of
dan into the mountains for they would
not allow them to come down to the
valley and the amorite were determined
to dwell in mount harris in agile in'
and in chez albert yet when the strength
of the house of Joseph became greater
they were put under tribute now the
boundary of the Amorite was from the
assent of a grab him from Sela and
upward
you